- [Narrator] In this lesson, we're going to take a look
at how to use URI template parameters within JAX-RS.
We're going to add them to a resource method
and also see how to call them with the client.
So, the first thing we're going to do is
navigate to our find by catalog ID resource method
and you'll notice right now we are using a Query Param.
We're going to switch that up
and use a URI template parameter.
Now, to do that we modify the path to include a parameter
in curly braces and we're going to name
this parameter Catalog Item ID.
At this point, we can go ahead and switch out
our query parameter with a path parameter
and this is very typical within REST APIs
that you may build or use,
so just kind of switch in the semantics.
And then we can navigate to the remote inventory service,
because we'll need to adjust the code
that is causing our client to call the REST API.
So, now instead of using the query pram method,
we're going to switch that to resolve template
and that will cause the template URI parameter
to receive the value of the catalog item ID field.
The other thing that we need to do
is we need to modify the path.
So, we need to actually add the template parameter
into the paths.
So, we're going to extend the path some
and let me drop that down to another line
and then here we're going to put our template parameter,
which is the catalog item ID.
Okay, so now our JAX-RS client is set up to call
the new API endpoint that we established
on our resource method, which uses
the URI template parameter.
Okay, let's go ahead.
We'll run our application.
There we see it's starting up
and then we'll navigate to the form.
And once again we can make an item.
There we see the item was created.
There's our 201.
And now we can see we get a quantity.
So, just a little bit different semantics.
You will need to use those template parameters quite a bit
if you're calling REST APIs with the JAX-RS client.